Earth cries out ev’ry day.
So many have lost their way.
Wars never cease; fighting for peace,
Man cannot find the answers.
Through all these stormy seas
And empty philosophies,
Jehovah provides a hope for mankind,
A world we’re longing to see:
One faith, one God,
Peace on earth,
One mind, one voice
Throughout the universe
When all hearts sing as one.
Know that this hope is sure
Despite what we might endure.
Jehovah is there and lovingly shares
Peace that flows like a river,
Calming our doubts and fears,
Drying up ev’ry tear.
Forever we’ll find true peace of mind,
Knowing soon we will see:
One faith, one God,
Peace on earth,
One mind, one voice
Throughout the universe
When all hearts sing as one.
Under the Prince of Peace,
Freedom will never end.
When sorrow is gone
and death is undone,
Every knee will bend
To Jehovah, our King.
One faith, one God,
Peace on earth,
One mind, one voice
Throughout the universe—
One faith, one God,
Peace on earth,
One mind, one voice
Throughout the universe
When all hearts sing as one,
God’s will on earth is done!